>> Brian Holt: This next one is
a topic near and dear to my heart.
I actually really, really enjoy this part,
some people really don't.
I debated a lot whether or not I was gonna
add Flow to this course, should I add it,
should I not add it?
Inevitably, I was going to bring up,
I knew for
a fact that someone was gonna say,
well, what about TypeScript?
Because always someone says,
what about TypeScript?
So that was one part of it.
Another part of it is it makes
development go a little bit slower,
makes it a little bit more difficult,
right?
But let me defend why I added Flow.
First of all, I already showed
you how to use React, right?
I showed you every piece of React that
you need to know about without Flow.
That's why we did the first half
of the course with no Flow at all.
And that's why we added it part way in.
One, I wanted to show you how
to migrate a code base to Flow.
And secondly, I wanted you to be able
to write React with no Flow whatsoever.
Secondly, what I'm showing
you how to write here
is the best scalable architecture for
React that I know how to write.
If I was gonna start a project today,
no questions asked, I would definitely
include Flow and it would definitely
make it a better code base.
Like down the road I'll be much
happier having written that Flow
code base than if I had not included it.
So this is definitely going to
help you a lot in that respect.
If you're gonna start a new project with
this it's gonna make your code better and
more maintainable, and
it's going to last longer for sure.
Lastly, even if you choose not to
go forward with Flow or TypeScript,
you're gonna see a lot of stuff,
like when you're reading documentation and
going on Stack Overflow,
that just include all these things.
So now you're gonna know how to
read these things, whether or
not you're actually going
to actually use them.
Nonetheless, everything that I've shown
you how, all you have to go back and do is
delete the type annotations and it's just
gonna work as plain JavaScript, right?
So #notsorry, [LAUGH].
So that's my defense of Flow.
Again, you are totally
welcome to not use it, but
I think it's important that
you understand how to use it.
And then lastly, there's version 1 and
version 2 of this course
out there online already that you can
watch that do not have Flow in it at all.
They're pure just JavaScript.
So all those things are up to you.
The kind of React that
we're writing now is fine.
You can totally write huge scalable apps.
In fact I would say the way that we wrote
React at Netflix is pretty similar to the
way that we have been writing it so far.
So, in other words, the tool that
I'm about to introduce to you is not
necessary to write large apps with React.
I prefer it,
you'll find many people do prefer it.
But it's not necessary, you don't have to.
So we're gonna be doing types now.
We're gonna be talking about Flow,
and TypeScript is an amazing piece of
technology, I'm just choosing Flow
because it's the one that I know.
But TypeScript is equally awesome,
does equally cool things for you.
So I'm a huge fan of either
piece of technology.
So what is Flow?
Well, JavaScript is a dynamic language,
right?
So it's really fast to write
because you don't have
to be constantly typing everything you
typing in a sense of like adding types,
annotations to whatever you writing.
However, if you do write types,
you can be more assured that you're
gonna not have run time errors, right?
Because you can have a static type
checker go through and it's like, hey,
you're passing a string from
here to here to here, and
then you're trying to call something
that's not on the string prototype here.
That's gonna cause a runtime error, right?
So it's gonna force you
to think through and
change your code in such a way
that you are depending on types.
And by doing that and
having that assurance,
you're going to have less errors.
So the thing that I promised you is
that you are going to spend more time
writing code because you
have to think through it.
But you're going to end up writing
better code that has less errors.
And that's something I feel pretty
comfortable in asserting and promising.
So that's what we're
gonna start with today.
I do not feel offended at all if you
continue following this course and
do not write the types part of it, and
that's totally okay as well.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about how this is gonna work.
So let's talk about what
types are first of all.
Cuz it's not a given that if you're
writing JavaScript that you're familiar
with types and all.
And that's okay,
you can write JavaScript and be more or
less not caring what
the types are underneath.
So right here when I have this,
this is an empty string, right?
Or if I put things in here,
now it's not an empty string.
But that's what we call it, it's called
a string in terms of JavaScript,
right?
>> Brian Holt: It's just a type of thing
that you're dealing with, right?
That's why they're called types.
If I come in here and
have version, and it's like 5,
this here is called the number, as this is
called isDone: false.
This is called the boolean, right?
We also have objects, we have a radius.
And then we have a bunch
of other things that we,
like as what the developers have made up,
like events and dom notes.
Like these are all things
that are typed for us.